Yay.
So let's do the sequence
The PyPodcats
it's to highlight
How did you first get in contact with a computer?
I was five or six when I started playing.
What age appropriate.
I want to say age appropriate video games.
It was age appropriate.
I tried writing my first program in
Python that just did something simple.
I myself is totally blind, so I wanted to make
a text editor where I could control the visual formatting.
I read approximately twice as fast
as an average human reader.
I read around six to 700 words a minute.
I've never seen a conference where they have
this accessibility info readily available for what they
do with people that has physical disabilities.
I just wish that information
was more readily available.
Hi everyone, my name is Jessica Tegner.
I am an open source maintainer.
I maintain the popular Python project PyPandoc.
I'm also a Computer Science student and I
am a conference speaker and I've traveled around
the world doing conferences on everything from open
source to diversity and inclusivity.
Hope to catch you all in the next
episode of Hidden Figures of Python at PyPodcats.